README.md, before:

# Raven Formats
[![MarvelMods](https://i.imgur.com/qoCxdy8t.png)](http://marvelmods.com)

Tools to work with formats used by **Raven Software** in **MUA/XML2** games.
## Usage
#### XMLB Compile/Decompile
```
usage: xmlb.py [-h] [-d] [--no_indent] input output

positional arguments:
  input            input file (supports glob)
  output           output file (wildcards will be replaced by input file name)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  -d, --decompile  decompile input XMLB file to XML/JSON file
  --no_indent      disable indent in decompiled XML/JSON file
```
#### ZSND Compile/Decompile
```
usage: zsnd.py [-h] [-d] input output

positional arguments:
  input            input file (supports glob)
  output           output file (wildcards will be replaced by input file name)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  -d, --decompile  decompile input ZSND file to JSON file
```

#### FB Compile/Decompile
```
usage: fb.py [-h] [-d] input output

positional arguments:
  input            input file (supports glob)
  output           output file (wildcards will be replaced by input file name)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  -d, --decompile  decompile input FB file to JSON file
```

Commit message:

Changed FB to use XML instead of JSON
- The XML format should be compatible with PC version packages (.pkgb)
- Added switch to rebuild from files inside the corresponding folder (e.g. strange1 if the file was strange1.xml)
  This allows to add files without having to modify the .xml file (.xml file is automatically updated)

README.md, after:

# Raven Formats
[![MarvelMods](https://i.imgur.com/qoCxdy8t.png)](http://marvelmods.com)

Tools to work with formats used by **Raven Software** in **MUA/XML2** games.
## Usage
#### XMLB Compile/Decompile
```
usage: xmlb.py [-h] [-d] [--no_indent] input output

positional arguments:
  input            input file (supports glob)
  output           output file (wildcards will be replaced by input file name)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  -d, --decompile  decompile input XMLB file to XML/JSON file
  --no_indent      disable indent in decompiled XML/JSON file
```
#### ZSND Compile/Decompile
```
usage: zsnd.py [-h] [-d] input output

positional arguments:
  input            input file (supports glob)
  output           output file (wildcards will be replaced by input file name)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  -d, --decompile  decompile input ZSND file to JSON file
```

#### FB Compile/Decompile
```
usage: fb.py [-h] [-d] [-r] input output

positional arguments:
  input            input file (supports glob)
  output           output file (wildcards will be replaced by input file name)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  -d, --decompile  decompile input FB file to JSON file
  -r, --rebuild    compile to FB file, including all files that exist in the corresponding directory
```
